singleton/basic/Singleton2.java
 singleton.basic.Singleton2
singleton/basic/Client1.java
 singleton.basic.Client1
singleton/basic/Client3.java
 singleton.basic.Client3
 singleton.basic.Client3$1
 singleton.basic.Client3$2
singleton/basic/Client2.java
 singleton.basic.Client2
singleton/basic/Singleton1.java
 singleton.basic.Singleton1
singleton/basic/Singleton4.java
 singleton.basic.Singleton4
singleton/basic/Singleton3.java
 singleton.basic.Singleton3
builder/basic/Director.java
 builder.basic.Director
factoryMethod/basic/Creator.java
 factoryMethod.basic.Creator
prototype/basic/IPrototype.java
 prototype.basic.IPrototype
abstractFactory/basic/Client.java
 abstractFactory.basic.Client
interpreter/basic/TerminalExpresionU.java
 interpreter.basic.TerminalExpresionU
interpreter/basic/TerminalExpresionO.java
 interpreter.basic.TerminalExpresionO
builder/basic/Product.java
 builder.basic.Product
interpreter/basic/TerminalExpresionI.java
 interpreter.basic.TerminalExpresionI
builder/basic/ConcreteBuilder1.java
 builder.basic.ConcreteBuilder1
interpreter/basic/TerminalExpresionA.java
 interpreter.basic.TerminalExpresionA
interpreter/basic/Client.java
 interpreter.basic.Client
interpreter/basic/Context.java
 interpreter.basic.Context
prototype/basic/noUsingPrototype/ClientNoPrototype.java
 prototype.basic.noUsingPrototype.ClientNoPrototype
iterator/basic/ListA.java
 iterator.basic.ListA
factoryMethod/basic/Cliente.java
 factoryMethod.basic.Cliente
abstractFactory/basic/ConcreteProduct1.java
 abstractFactory.basic.ConcreteProduct1
interpreter/basic/NoTerminalExpresion.java
 interpreter.basic.NoTerminalExpresion
iterator/basic/IList.java
 iterator.basic.IList
abstractFactory/basic/IProduct.java
 abstractFactory.basic.IProduct
builder/basic/Builder.java
 builder.basic.Builder
builder/basic/Client.java
 builder.basic.Client
builder/basic/ConcreteBuilder2.java
 builder.basic.ConcreteBuilder2
factoryMethod/basic/ProductConcrete1.java
 factoryMethod.basic.ProductConcrete1
factoryMethod/basic/ConcreteCreator1.java
 factoryMethod.basic.ConcreteCreator1
interpreter/basic/TerminalExpresionE.java
 interpreter.basic.TerminalExpresionE
iterator/basic/ListB.java
 iterator.basic.ListB
abstractFactory/basic/FactoryProduct.java
 abstractFactory.basic.FactoryProduct
iterator/basic/IteratorConcreteListA.java
 iterator.basic.IteratorConcreteListA
iterator/basic/Iterator.java
 iterator.basic.Iterator
factoryMethod/basic/ProductConcrete2.java
 factoryMethod.basic.ProductConcrete2
prototype/basic/ConcretePrototype.java
 prototype.basic.ConcretePrototype
factoryMethod/basic/IProduct.java
 factoryMethod.basic.IProduct
interpreter/basic/AbstractExpresion.java
 interpreter.basic.AbstractExpresion
builder/basic/noUsingBuilder/Client.java
 builder.basic.noUsingBuilder.Client
builder/basic/noUsingBuilder/Product.java
 builder.basic.noUsingBuilder.Product
abstractFactory/basic/ConcreteProduct2.java
 abstractFactory.basic.ConcreteProduct2
prototype/basic/noUsingPrototype/NoPrototype.java
 prototype.basic.noUsingPrototype.NoPrototype
factoryMethod/basic/ProductConcrete3.java
 factoryMethod.basic.ProductConcrete3
iterator/basic/IteratorConcreteListB.java
 iterator.basic.IteratorConcreteListB
factoryMethod/basic/ConcreteCreator2.java
 factoryMethod.basic.ConcreteCreator2
factoryMethod/basic/ConcreteCreator3.java
 factoryMethod.basic.ConcreteCreator3
prototype/basic/Client.java
 prototype.basic.Client
iterator/basic/Client.java
 iterator.basic.Client
abstractFactory/basic/ConcreteProduct3.java
 abstractFactory.basic.ConcreteProduct3
_primerParcialFilaB/ejercicio1Singleton/Estudiante.java
 _primerParcialFilaB.ejercicio1Singleton.Estudiante
_primerParcialFilaB/ejercicio1Singleton/Matricula.java
 _primerParcialFilaB.ejercicio1Singleton.Matricula
_primerParcialFilaB/ejercicio1Singleton/Cliente.java
 _primerParcialFilaB.ejercicio1Singleton.Cliente
 _primerParcialFilaB.ejercicio1Singleton.Cliente$1
 _primerParcialFilaB.ejercicio1Singleton.Cliente$2
 _primerParcialFilaB.ejercicio1Singleton.Cliente$3
 _primerParcialFilaB.ejercicio1Singleton.Cliente$4
